update ServiceTargetConfig documentation (#69)
gardener/landscaper-service: docs/usage/ServiceTargetConfigs.md

(`spec.priority/(len(status.instanceRefs) + 1)`).
The more instances that are referenced by a ServiceTargetConfig, the lower the effective priority becomes.

## Ingress Domain

The `spec.ingressDomain` field is a string specifying the ingress domain of the referenced target cluster.

> The ingress domain has to be configured for the target cluster so that an ingress resource can be created for the Landscaper Webhooks Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ingress domain of the target cluster has to be configured so that an ingress resource can be created as an endpoint for the Webhook Server of every Landscaper instance.
```

Not sure if this is better but I needed some time to understand why and for what we need this.
